sticky appbar (#3104)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Theming.md

export default MyAppBar;
```

> In addition you can pass `position="sticky"` to prevent AppBar from hiding when you scrolling down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can pass `position="sticky"` to prevent the `<AppBar>` from hiding when you scroll down.
```

```jsx
const MyAppBar = (props) => (

>     <AppBar {...props} position="sticky">

Reviewer: I'd prefer a boolean `sticky` prop
